how to trim your beard like Craig David
hello and welcome to videojug beards can
be sexy and stylish
we have teamed up with master barber Joe
Donovan from Jack's of London to give
you a beard a bit of the bevel in this
film Joe is going to show you how to
trim your beard like great daily step 1
Clippers will start off with a very
simple half beard but a goatee coming
into it bringing it down quite sharp
around here so what you need to do if
you've got your Clippers at home you
need to clench your jaw line again so
clench your jaw fill where your jaw is
and that's the line we're going to
follow so with your Clippers find your
line like with your thumb and your
forefinger from the base of your chin
you can fill your jaw line as yours it
belongs to you and you can feel where it
is so with your clipper
just follow the line working hard do one
side fast and then do the second half
you don't need to press hard
let the Clipper do the work just let you
lightly resting on the skin and you can
see how easy it takes it away you don't
need to bother clipping or shaving well
a lot of people forget is when they do
it go to their look in the mirror and
they make all their lines dead square if
you do that what you'll find is you'll
get it'll look when you when it's
finished it will look all crookedy and
uneven follow again the natural line of
where your your top lip the mustache is
so if you saw wait like a monkey face
say you saw you suck your nose in you
can see a net like a laugh as if you're
going to smile on one side and you can
see where the natural line is going to
bring you so if you follow that
Loosli
again because we're making the beards
join up to the sideburn don't go all the
way down because in your or your hard
works ruin but follow the width of the
moustache which is about a little
fingers worth so we put that use your
finger if you have to and just slowly
with the Clipper bring the line in
without even consciously giving myself a
guideline I've now got a very sharp edge
there and it's given me a guideline to
follow for my sideburn
and stop and all we got to do now is
join the side burn up with the jaw line
which is pretty simple to see so from
the top
all the way down
what you can now see from sideburn it
goes down to the bottom of the jaw line
then across to the chin but jaw line is
the most important line of the beard so
always work from the top down so if we
want to take this skinnier on this
particular bit we work from the top
don't work from the bottom because if
you take if you take the jaw line higher
than the jaw line it was just ridiculous
now he needs to inside the beard area
now this is the where a clipper comes in
handy because if you've got a blade you
know you're going to be trying to move
the blade against different angles of
the skin and you might Nick yourself
it's where a clipper this is another
reason why you use a clipper so I can
get a really sharp line with a clipper
and then you can just move your face
around there's two ways of doing it you
can just use your clipper and without
turning you on match the angle and then
match it's your bottom lip and then just
lightly press it in
you want the line thinner the outside
line so the jaw line is the outside line
from here to here is the outside line
you work into it you don't take the
outside because that is your guide to
weight change what we now do is we
finish it off by having it going back
and shaving stop about half a centimeter
away from where you know you put your
line and then with your finger just mark
it across run your finger across where
you put your line
like so keep hand clean you can see
where your hair is now so all you do
with your clipper with your razor blade
rather at home is probably best to go up
so stretch your skin and then just come
up to the line now again we're going to
do the inside area so again with your
thing go from the top of the sideburn
just run a line down so you can see
where you're going
the outside the blade here it goes down
the side of the side of the sideburn
there to the bottom of the jaw line you
want to come down from the top of the
mouth to the bottom of the what's with
the jaw line and a basis of your chin
now we need to do
inside the the chin area from the top of
your lip here some mark it out
you now conceive what it is you this is
the area you've got to shave bottom of
the chin two fingers if you can stretch
it and work your way down slowly wiping
your mouth
well that does is opens up as the air
you can you can work with so you can
actually stretch your skin against
itself or if you suck in your bottom lip
suck in your bottom lip as you can see
the mouth changes shapes so you've got
more room to put your blade in then from
above the blade
grab your chin and lift it up softly
just to stretch it out and finish if
well
you